hi i am mr. Bo and in today's destiny
video we're going to be taking a look at
the patch notes for the update of one
point one point two now there are quite
a few changes this download was actually
six gigs so there is a ton of new stuff
in this I'm not going to be covering
everything because it is quite a lot if
you want to go check out the full list I
will leave a link in the description
below so you can go check that out but
I'm going to be covering a few of the
more important ones here so firstly they
have increased the vault capacity to 24
armor slots 36 weapon slots and 24
general slots however this will disable
gear comparison in the vault on the xbox
360 and ps3 do to those consoles just
not being able to handle it Bungie has
also now added a load of color blind
support options just in case you need
those as well as the ability to toggle
volume control so you can now change the
volume of music as well as music
toggling you can also now lock your
items so that is exotic and legendary
I'm not sure about common or uncommon I
don't think you really want to lock
those stuff but with legendary and
exotic items you can now lock them
meaning that you can't dismantle them by
mistake they've also fixed a load of
changes with the weapons there are quite
a few of them so again i will leave the
link in the description below you can
now wear your helmet in social spaces
i'm sure you'll be able to see an
example of this on screen at the moment
and it does actually look pretty cool
with your helmet on in the tower they
have also fixed the mile strike by
giving valorous chat works a reduced
strength both 33-percent and they've
also fixed a few things to do with the
vault of glass and crotas end not only
that they have also changed how ammo
spawns in PvP now I've already done a
video on this so if you guys want to go
check that out there'll be a link on
screen for you or there will be a link
in the description below so you can go
check that out where I detail everything
that is changing with that have also
added a really awesome feature where you
can now get rid of the UI and the HUD
when you look at weapons and gear so you
can take nice screenshots and show your
friends in fact i will probably clear
the UI on my warlock here and use that
for the thumbnail so you'll be able to
see my wall off without any distractions
over the top of him as the thumbnail
picture so if you guys want to go take
screenshots of your weapons without any
of the interference of the text on top
you can now do that however you can't
move the analog stick around otherwise
the UI
will reappear now those are the main
important things again I'll leave a link
to the full patch notes in the
description below but I was on the menu
and I decided to quickly check the reef
because we know the reef is going to be
a playable area when the house of wolves
expansion launches and it would seem
that they have updated the menu as you
can see from here we now have this huge
circle in the middle and we have sort of
three circles round it now I'm not
entirely sure what these circles are
going to include I'm assuming that the
bigger one to the right will be the
social space which will be able to go to
vendors and do whatever else we can do
there and the two smaller ones probably
one of them is for the arena which is
the prison of elders new activity we're
going to be seeing as for what the other
ones are I'm not entirely sure one of
them could possibly be the trials of
Osiris but I don't think that's taking
place on the reef so as to what these
other circles are going to indicate me
not entirely sure if you guys have any
ideas of what the other circles
represent then do let me know in the
comments below so they are the main
things for patch 1.1 point2 as I said
it's a pretty big download six gigs
getting us ready for the house of wolves
expansion in which launches on May
nineteenth you guys wanna go check out
some more information to do with that
you can click the link on screen which I
talk about trials of Osiris new weapon
damage as well as the arena we're gonna
be getting some gameplay very soon so be
sure to go check that video out there'll
be a link on screen or in the
description below for that there's also
a playlist with a load of videos in so
if you guys want to check that out you
can feel free to give the like button a
big old hug and subscribe for more
destiny content and coverage I mister Bo
hope you guys enjoyed the video and I'll
see you guys next time bye bye